good morning and welcome to the 8th of
December 8th is my favorite number so I
am expecting for today to be a good day
so I'm just gonna check my advent
calendar first
great I remember checking my phone for
the date no cuz the 6th was Wednesday it
is the 8th today it's 8:30 and I
apologize because I haven't vlogged at
all this evening I've basically just
been doing that English reading homework
and it took me a lot longer than I
expected it to and I started at school
so it did take a long time but I think
when you're writing English notes it's
important to spend that time doing it
because otherwise they're not going to
be good enough to you revise from some
of you might know that I have been
selling a study planner but
unfortunately it went out of stock and
we I sold all of the planners that I had
a reach that I had originally got
printed but I have just had the new
stock be printed and so I am putting my
planner black back in stock I'm just
about to announce it on my website
I have just had to do some organisation
bits for my company pumpkin productivity
because my study found there just went
live so it's now 10:00 to 10:00 I'm not
gonna get started with any other work
because I think it will all take me too
long and it just won't be it I'll end up
waking working today I really feel like
doing some organization so I'm going to
sort through the pens under my bed
because I have a couple of pencil cases
and it's really not very organized at
all it's just pencil cases filled with
assorted pens and I've been meaning to
sort them out for a while
you
so about two weeks ago I subscribed to
The New Yorker and my first copy has
just arrived and really excited to read
through this and find some good articles
so I'm sorry that this vlogmas was so
boring I didn't really do very much at
all and I hope you enjoyed that little
collaboration of me
sorting just now so remember that my
study planner is now back on sale so if
you do want to have a look then please
feel free to and I'll leave a link down
below in the description thank you for
watching and have a productive week